Cereal Audio
Welcome on an all!
To pubs in San Francisco, California!
It is my pleasure to ask that Herman Cowan is now in session.
Will she please welcome in the stage the mayor of Herman Cowan!
Herman Cowan!
Thank you!
What a delightful bunch you are. Thank you.
I'm very flattered by your attendance numbers, very flattered by your enthusiasm.
Let's see what we can do to just punish it, right?
Certainly, I don't have an act, but you guys are fans of the podcast, so you know that.
So if we do nothing but get drunk and ramble for two hours,
that's a little slice of Los Angeles for our friends in San Francisco.
So you guys are obviously, there's a lot of people from San Francisco here,
but there's always a tremendous amount of you that are from the outlands,
who have pilgrimageed here to see all kinds of stuff.
How many people in the latter group? How many non-San Franciscoites?
I'm just curious about that. It feels like roughly 40%?
Yeah, or more 50, I don't know.
I think this is our third time doing a San Francisco sketch fest.
But our first time here in this room, it seems like a lovely room.
I don't know. It's a little intimidating. It feels kind of like a cattle auction.
See, I'm not that intimidated because the only times I've ever been here is...
No. I'm telling you why is because I've only ever been out in the audience
watching the highest Doug Benson you've ever seen in your life.
And he's hilarious, but the stakes are low because he's so mellow.
You can just kind of be delightful out here.
No, I'm not going to ruin it by second guessing.
It's interesting the dynamic that shifts between different rooms.
We sit in the back of a comic book store in Los Angeles,
kind of like it's different acoustics and different things, and Doug Benson,
as high as he is, always has an act to fall back on,
or a joint in his pocket or something.
All I've got is my Evernote notepad.
I wanted to make an announcement that I've been having a very successful experiment
since I stepped foot into San Francisco.
It's a two-fold thing, and I don't know how to describe it.
It seems kind of contradictory.
One thing is called owning it.
I'm owning it.
What?
It. I'm owning it.
It's like I'm owning everything.
I'm not apologizing for anything anymore.
For instance, the fact that I'm fat.
I'm owning it.
You can't tell I'm fat because I'm owning it.
It seems like I'm supposed to be fat.
Like Santa Claus owns it.
Santa Claus is technically fat, but that one guy, that one dick,
describes him as fat in his first poem about Santa Claus.
But from then on, we're just like, he's awesome.
He owns it.
Your sweater has a suspicion about it.
It's got some secrets.
I chose a color that absorbs light rather than reflects it,
hoping that somehow the enterprise of your eyeballs would slingshot
around the sun of my stomach and go back in time to when I was 25.
Didn't you make a decision to go on a diet since you got engaged
that you would become slim and live and sexy for your wedding?
Well, you have to back into a number.
I'm going to be thin by my wedding, so you just keep pushing the date.
Every day becomes, you know, I had two quarter pounders yesterday
that I didn't tell Erin about.
It's fucked up. It's fucked up.
She doesn't know I haven't talked to her about it.
How many did you have that you did tell her about?
I've had like 90 that I told her about and 160 that I haven't.
I've discussed this before.
Erin and I, my betrothed Erin McGathy, it's a dream relationship.
We share, the interests that we share are going to kill us.
The interests that we share are, you know, we are passionate
about our pursuit of a sedentary lifestyle.
We just think that people should be sedentary.
We love it. We love watching movies that we don't even enjoy.
I got one of those special pillows.
That's the first thing I did when I started when Erin moved in.
I got one of those, they call them boyfriend pillows.
They're a technical name for them.
They're those pillows that are shaped like a little easy chair.
Do you know what I mean?
I don't know what I'm expecting, like you're all going to nod.
200 people are going to nod their head.
Wait, wait, wait. These are for in bed so you can sit up.
Yeah, you know those pillows that they have, like, you know,
when you sit up in bed.
No, we don't know, Dan. Explain it to us.
Oh, because you all are rock climbing. Fuck off.
You all know.
When you sit up in bed, the headboard hurts, you know?
It's like, you put some pillows behind your back and those pillows
shift around and all that stuff.
And these things are called boyfriend pillows and they have
these little nubs that come around and it's just enough to
kind of anchor you.
And it just cements you like a little barnacle against the
headboard and are you quitting?
Are you that outraged about my physical fitness?
Is the pillow supposed to be your boyfriend?
Why is it a boyfriend pillow? Boyfriend for whom?
I think it's, well, my theory is that the reason it's called
a boyfriend pillow, and by the way, there's other things,
the nomenclature is confusing because women have,
I don't know if I should refer to them as a gender,
I don't know if a guy invented this or a woman,
and I know the gender didn't invent them,
so I shouldn't say women have, but for women,
they have those simulated boyfriend pillows.
They're like body pillows for snuggling.
And God knows men have all kinds of things that have
nothing to do with sleeping that are simulations,
but the thing that's technically called a boyfriend pillow,
I believe the reason it's called a boyfriend pillow,
I would imagine is because this is not a romantic thing,
this is a relationship thing, this is a guy's over at your
house, but he doesn't, you know, he might not fuck you,
you might just watch like Ironside or something.
So it's a boyfriend pillow, it's a nesting pillow.
It has a time machine that goes back when Ironside is
on the air.
You don't even know, he doesn't even know.
They redid Ironside.
They did?
Yeah.
Dan, I don't have a boyfriend.
Wait, so it's got little arm rests, right?
Yeah, Ironside does, otherwise he'd fall out of his chair.
No, no, no, I know.
I know Ironside has arm rests.
Oh, now he's an Ironside expert.
Well, if you had been to Iron Con, you would know that
they remade the series.
It's now canceled, but they...
They rebooted Ironside?
For about three weeks, they gave it a shot.
They thought the reason the first Ironside failed was maybe
because the guy was fat and white.
So they put a very sexy black man in a wheelchair,
but they kept flashing back to when he had use of his legs,
as if to apologize, like, he's not always crippled.
And they would do scenes like...
I only know about this because I was actually on the soup,
so I saw one of these clips.
They would...
He would roll into a room and be investigating a crime scene,
and then he says, he goes,
yeah, so and so was scared all right,
but not because of the drugs, because of that gun.
And he points at a gun that's under a pillow on a couch,
and all the other cops at the crime scene go,
how did you see that?
And he goes like, I got a different view of the world from down here.
I'm not fucking kidding.
It was one of the soup's clip of the years,
because it's so fucking insane.
The idea that forensic science is somehow altitude biased.
Guys, get in here.
I'm the chief of police.
I want everyone to enter every crime scene at a different level.
I need two six-year-olds, a Chihuahua,
a great Dane, and a giraffe.
I want a really tall guy on another guy's shoulders,
wearing the world's longest trench coat.
Just walk through, don't touch anything, but just look around.
Get a gun, tell me. Someone teach this giraffe how to recognize guns and speak.
I don't want to...
All right, get rid of these eucalyptus leaf pillows.
It's going to defeat the whole purpose when the koala comes in.
I don't know what I'm looking back at this for.
There's a structure to the show.
Have you guys ever amazed yourself at how sedentary you've become?
Is there a moment when you look at each other and go, oh Jesus Christ.
Every fucking minute.
Yeah, we are so happy.
And then it's just like...
Sometimes there's just the weekends, they just go...
We just watch nine movies in a row.
That's what heaven should be.
So you never look at that...
I don't want you to, I root for your happiness at all times,
but you don't ever look at those moments with a sense of alarm.
That maybe is terrible?
I'd rather you just come out and say whatever you're trying to say
than this deposition.
Just charge me with whatever you're going to charge me with.
I mean, I love a woman, I don't love hiking.
I love her, she loves me, we love...
I would rather watch 27 dresses than exercise.
She would rather watch...
What's 27 dresses?
Buckaroo Banzai than exercise.
So even though she hates Buckaroo Banzai and I hate 27 dresses,
we both love not moving.
We share each other's favorite movies with each other, it's heaven.
And then every once in a while, the doorbell rings,
and bing-bong, our sausages are here.
And is it like a Mexican standoff of who has to get out of bed?
Absolutely, yes.
That'll be our undoing. It's like the treasure of Sierra Madre.
Oh, I see, as soon as I get up, you steal my pillow, huh?
Did you buy the boyfriend pillow or did she purchase that for you?
No, I immediately... I didn't know what it was called.
I was like, I want one of those things, it's time now, it's finally time.
I'm finally with a woman that I love enough that I want to just smuck up to the headboard.
Smuck up?
Smuck up!
Smuck up, motherfucker!
You smuck up. See, I don't want to sit up in bed.
I've never won... I don't want a TV in my bedroom.
I don't want to sit up and read in my bedroom.
I want to go to bed in my bedroom or do naked things in my bedroom.
Well, big deal. What do you want, a cookie?
I feel like... I don't know, I know something about...
something about when you say these things, it feels challenging.
See, but you feel challenged by anything.
Like, you don't like when someone says,
well, I feel challenged by getting out of bed, certainly.
Yeah, maybe, yeah.
But that's how I felt.
You always get... I go like, oh, I ate a bunch of lasagna yesterday.
I was just fucking pigged out, I love lasagna.
And you go like, yeah, overeating.
I don't like overeating.
I was like, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off!
I've never said that.
I know you never have.
It's a fucking ersatz example.
It's a reconstruction of, like, I'm running a Jeff simulator.
I'm in the jeffitorium.
Like, I just go like, oh, I was in the bathroom,
and then the guy...
We were trying to both get out the men's room door,
and we did one of those dances of awkwardness before we could go,
and you're like, I always know how to get through a bathroom door.
Fuck off, fuck off!
Why do you always know?
She's perfect.
Because I don't have a boyfriend pillow.
Life is my boyfriend pillow, Dan.
I have a challenge for you, Jeff, because you're a music fan.
This is a new segment.
People like segments.
That's what I've learned recently.
Even though it's fake, it kind of enhances your enjoyment.
People like segments.
So this segment is called Music...
Before you say a segment, do I need a music cue for this musical segment?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So give me a genre, so let me know.
Thematically, what are you going for here?
It's about music, and investigation, and just America.
And Auschwitz.
Okay, music, investigation, America, Auschwitz.
Oh, you heard that.
That last one was a joke.
A hilarious joke.
We all heard it.
But it's funny she's saying, I think I have all those covered.
All right.
Are you ready?
John Denver.
Music corner, music corner, music.
Hey, there's another guy singing.
Wait, wait, wait.
Oh, you didn't say instrumental.
Well, I didn't know I...
Okay, let's do a...
This segment's called Picking a Song for this segment.
Justin, I got no audio down here.
Something weird going on?
It doesn't matter.
I heard...
There we go.
Fuck it.
Oh, okay.
It's music theory segment.
We're going to talk to Jeff about some music questions.
And nothing rhymes with Jeff, except for chef and treble clef.
Well, that's two asshole.
I was going to say your chin was clef.
But I stopped the song, so go fuck yourself.
All right.
So musical segment.
All right, Jeff.
The Dolly Parton song, Jolene.
Yes.
San Francisco native Dolly Parton.
I'm pretending that this is related to...
San Francisco born Dolly Parton.
Inventor of the typewriter and friend of Abby Hoffman.
Hate Ashbury frozen yogurt pioneer and singer-songwriter Dolly Parton.
Right.
She wrote this song, performed this song, Jolene.
Okay, so we're familiar with the song Jolene.
It's Dolly Parton pleading with the object of her lover's desire.
In other words, the woman that's going to take her man.
She's pleading with her.
Please, Jolene, don't do this.
Please.
My betrothed and I were discussing this song earlier.
Erin was saying when she was in a situation where she was very jealous of a young lady,
she felt like her relationship was in the crosshairs of a succubus.
The Jolene came on at Vesuvio and she had this flashback to when she was playing Jolene
so much that her friend asked her to stop.
You can't listen to Jolene anymore.
It made me curious because it's interesting.
Women and men, they different.
Women drive like this.
Women and men both, we all have love songs.
We all have painful songs.
There's people of both genders on both sides of the listener-singer relationship.
We're all very familiar with the idea of a song about how somebody broke my heart.
Somebody's fucking with me.
We're also familiar, but more especially on the male side, I think.
I'll probably get corrected on this.
On the male side, there's a heavy tradition of guys talking to guys,
but it's usually about sniping.
You're going to lose that girl.
I'm going to fuck your girl.
Yes, I'll make a point of fucking that girl instead of you.
Yes, yes, I will.
I wish that I had Jesse's girl.
How come Jesse gets to fuck that girl instead of me?
It's like, when guys are referring to other guys-
By the way, the goodness is we can air that and we won't get sued.
Tone deafness has its legal advantages.
There's a guy from ASCAP.
Damn it!
So, five notes, four notes, six notes, shit.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
Can't pin him down.
It'd be like if Al Capone was so bad at bookkeeping that the IRS could never-
Shit, he doesn't know how to add anymore.
It just says he bought a bunch of cookies.
Both sets of books.
His cooked books and his real books.
Cookies. He loves cookies.
They're actual cookbooks.
His cooked books are cookbooks.
That's what I just said.
I know that's what you said. I'm refining it.
It feels like a challenge.
Stop challenging me.
Every time we come to San Francisco, the city of brotherly love.
As it is known, birthplace of Dolly Parton.
Epicenter of the typewriter.
Wasn't invented here.
It's just where the most typewriters live.
Yeah.
Anyways, where the fuck was I?
Jolene.
By the way, I'm riveted to find out where you're going with this.
I think it's very interesting.
I ran this over my head.
I'm interested to find out if there's an answer to this.
I'll cut to the chase.
Jolene is a very special song.
I started talking to Aaron about it.
It's a very interesting song.
Men are all caught up in their testosterone politics.
If a man feels threatened sexually by another man,
he's not typically, in a songwriting sense,
going to tend to express that by going,
Kevin, hey, take it easy on me.
I know you got a bigger dick, but maybe explore other options
because I love my wife so much.
I'm just begging you, Kevin, come on.
Do me a solid this one time.
It's not an instinctive choice for a man.
Aaron immediately said, well, women,
I don't want to mischaracterize her as making sweeping generalizations,
but we were just generally talking about this.
Women are socialized to communicate.
If you're a woman and you have that sort of competitive relationship
with another woman, the woman who leaps into aggressiveness
doesn't do herself any favors.
There's a sort of trapped, claustrophobic, helpless feeling about it.
And the reason that song is a hit song and resonates with all of us,
of all genders, including the third secret one,
is because we all know what it's like to feel like
just fucking at the mercy of another human being.
So my question to you is, as a fan of music,
is there a male equivalent to Jolene,
specifically a man, songwriter, singer, addressing another man?
Yes. Bird dog by Everly Brothers.
That's a third person. He's a bird dog.
He's warning other people he's going to fuck your dog.
Johnny is a joker. He calls him out by name.
Johnny is a joker. He's a bird.
He's talking to the listener.
Is there a song where a guy calls out another guy?
One guy saying to another guy, hey, Tim, you're an ace coxman.
Let's agree on that.
Let's prove it out back.
You got a big turgid piece of drill bit down there.
I just appreciate you going somewhere else out of mercy.
I'm out of options. Signed Kevin.
The closest...
I will open that up to the floor.
I can get a bird dog where a guy says, Johnny is trying to bird dog my lady.
But he says, hey bird dog in the chorus.
He goes, hey bird dog, get away from my quail.
Hey bird dog, you're on the wrong quail.
He's like, hey bird dog, leave my lovey-dove alone.
But he's also still warning him off.
I want to open this up to the crowd.
If anybody thinks that they know of a song, tell her no.
Tell her no by the zombies.
You should tell you that she loves you.
Tell her no, no, no.
Anthony, tell her no, no, no.
Wait, so you say, tell her no.
Come up on stage.
Well, if you want, if you want.
Let's bring him up on stage.
Got a microphone here, would you?
Hans, that's a musical name. I love it.
There's a line in Tell Her No by the zombies where he says,
specifically, if she should tell you that I love you,
just remember she said that to me.
There's another line I think where he says,
don't take her love from my arms, stuff like that.
Oh, tell her no.
It's one guy talking to another guy saying,
if my girlfriend throws herself at you, do me a favor.
Ask girlfriend.
And be a Teflon penis.
Pretty much, yeah.
Man to man, that's all I can ask.
But he's not saying, don't steal her away from me,
or let release her.
I'm saying, if she comes to you.
He's saying, stop fucking my ex-girlfriend.
He is. Or is he saying, in the event that she tries to fuck you,
tell her no.
Is he saying, stop fucking her,
or tell her no in the event that she comes and tries to?
Right, right, right.
I was asking the question.
No, that's good.
You were asking me.
I think what it is is that, you know,
let's say it's Tony and Johnny,
and Johnny is fucking Tony's ex-girlfriend,
and he's not into it.
He's bummed.
So he's saying, hey, fucking stop it.
Or maybe he's just saying, hey, I love her,
and you're just fucking around with her.
And so, like, you know, if she says I love you,
then take a hike, because I'm the one who really loves her.
I don't know.
That's good, though.
That's close.
Thank you, Hans.
That's good.
Hans, everybody.
Anybody else got that beat?
All right.
Anybody else that has that beat for man on man thwarting?
Man on man, acquiescence and pleading
for non-sexual intervention.
I take a lot of long drives doing comedy shows
with great groups and Ryan Stiles.
We were talking about the kind of weird...
I mean, this is not going to win any awards for naming it,
but we call it kind of like rape rock,
where it's like, young girl, get out of my life.
A guy yelling at an underage woman,
just stop putting the sauce on him.
Don't stand so close to me.
You're just a baby.
You're talking specifically about men saying to young women,
like, get away from me?
Yeah.
Like the police son.
Don't stand so close to me yet.
But then there's the other more horrible thing,
which is I don't understand, like,
she's 16, she's beautiful, and she's like, what?
You're 48.
Yes, she's 16.
She's beautiful, and in four years the laws will change
because of this song.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, little sister, don't you?
That one.
Like, he's talking about the girl he's dating.
He's more into the little sister.
Like, I used to pull your pigtails,
and Twister turned up and goes,
now I'm looking at your titties.
Like, now it's fucking on.
And you get the feeling from little sister
that it's because he's been rebuffed by the older sister,
and now he's just gone younger,
which is a fucking Elvis.
Also, Elvis isn't a film, if I'm not mistaken,
called Kissin' Cousins.
And there's a song about, like,
I forget how the lyrics go,
but they're pretty fucking good,
in the sense that they're horrifying.
And he says, like, she does this and she does that.
We hug and sneak.
We don't hug and sneeze all night.
But we're Kissin' Cousins,
and that's what makes it all right.
Like, they're Kissin' Cousins.
I think it means legally allowed to fuck cousins?
I don't know.
Oh, okay, the term, he's saying we're Kissin' Cousins,
meaning we're not first cousins.
We're not blood-related cousins, and that's what makes it okay.
Second cousins, yeah.
See, I have a small family.
I don't even know if I have a cousin.
I probably do. I don't know them.
I bet you'd make out with her if you did.
You're not better than these southern people.
We judge them, but they just have more cousins.
I think that we in the blue state metropolitan areas,
we go like, oh, they all fuck each other.
They all fuck their cousins.
We just don't have many cousins.
If once you get up to six, eight, nine cousins,
one of them's going to really sweep you off your feet.
That's what can happen down there where there's more room,
and there's swing sets and stuff, and there's just fields.
They don't have...
This potato sack race?
Who knows what goes on in those potato sacks?
Yeah, where we have a YMCA or a Walmart,
they have just weathering heights of wheat.
I don't know.
Okay.
Weathering heights.
Mixed a couple geological and cultural things there.
I kind of got sidetracked, and I want tonight to run cleanly,
and I don't want to get off on any tangents.
No tangents.
Because we're in San Francisco,
and I don't want to create the false impression...
Can we talk real quick?
Can I go off on one?
It's not really a tangent.
It's just a brief interjection.
Walking up Columbus, here in North Beach,
one of my favorite neighborhoods in San Francisco,
a town which I deeply love and adore.
I love coming here.
We were supposed to...
The sketch fest people were going to bring us in tonight,
fly us back tomorrow morning,
and all of us agreed, separately,
that we would stay an extra day
just to be here in this lovely city.
Because it is the best.
Because you can come to North Beach,
and I went to a bar,
and there was Frenette Bronca on tap,
like next to the beers.
And it was...
It's serotonin just poured out of the back of my brain
into my butts.
It was the best.
Because that's how it works, right?
Pour it out of your butt?
Yes.
We'll get back to that.
I'm walking up the road,
and I'm going...
You guys were at Vesuvio having a drink,
and I was...
I got to have a cab,
and I wanted to get a pizza to a certain place,
and I hopped out of the cab,
and I crossed the street,
like, near, like, Stockton, Green, Columbus, the run there.
And there was a big black guy,
youngish, you know, I would say not...
Maybe just 30, maybe less, big guy.
Football jersey, I think, for some reason,
it was like Vikings or Green Bay,
but something Midwest-y.
It wasn't like the Niners or anything local.
And he had a football,
and he was standing, like,
waiting at the crosswalk,
and he was, like, tapping the football...
Jesus, he was, like, really out of his way.
Yeah, well, yeah.
But he was just standing there,
like, you know, it's like this...
Like, it didn't bother me at all,
didn't really pay much attention.
Left went and had pizza come back.
He's still there at the same crosswalk,
and now I'm stuck at that crosswalk,
waiting on a green light,
and he's still there,
and we're now waiting to cross the street,
but I know this guy enough to know
he's not crossing that street,
because he was there an hour ago,
tapping that football,
kind of shifting from left to right,
and he looks over,
and I'm wearing a suit,
and I got a tie on,
and I'm carrying a book
and a little zippy case from my iPad
that I DJed the show with,
so he just looks over at me,
and we're about...
Like, our heads are about a foot and a half apart,
waiting next to each other,
and he goes,
fuck it, faggot.
Tapping the football,
now more aggressively.
Fuck, look at this faggot.
Look at this faggot.
Faggot.
And then the light turned green,
and I just kept trucking.
And then he...
I told it to Erin backstage,
she's like,
wrong city.
I did not see that coming.
No.
Was he talking to you about it?
No, I think he probably has Tourette's,
but it was for me,
it was certainly for my...
He wasn't bonding with you,
like, looking at, like...
He looked at me,
and he didn't like what he was seeing,
because I had a suit on.
I mean, look,
he might have called everybody
that moved to faggot.
Well, I mean...
I'm the only person I heard him say that to.
I love that he's so gay
that he has to carry a football around
in order to get away
with calling people faggot.
Because he's afraid that the absence of a football
will be the equivalent of the presence of a dildo.
That's how gay that guy is.
I often hear rampant homophobia
as latent homosexuality,
because I think, like,
if you protest...
I'm a firm believer in it.
Yeah, and if this guy's cruising,
he's doing it the most high-concept way
of all time.
Well, I don't think...
I don't think they're all cruising.
I think they're...
I mean, but no,
I am an absolute firm believer
that if you are...
when you are that energetically opposed
to a victimous crime,
like, it is because you are jealous, period.
I don't understand...
And it's not...
That's not just me left-winging it,
and, like, I'm...
I got all kinds of crazy political views.
I'm not a political person, but...
Certainly, if he sends a threat
that you're not being threatened by,
then that seems...
It's just...
It's too suspicious,
and we've also found out too many times.
It's just over and over and over again
that these people are, like,
like, I'm gonna make a log in sput holes!
Everyone's but hole has to have an eye patch over it,
because homosexuals keep trying to make everyone gay!
It's like, okay, and then you find out
he's in an airport, you know,
and he's, like, got three dicks in his armpits, and...
And it's just, like, over and over and over again.
Which is, for me, needlessly gay.
Well, because he's doing it wrong,
because he's not healthy about it.
He needs to go to, like, gay camp and, like,
like, like, hang out with gay people
and ask, do you put them in your armpits
and have them say, no, sweetie, you don't.
Take it easy!
Lick it, kiss it, suck it, don't...
You don't have to put it in your eyeball.
You don't have to go to a fucking rest stop for it.
But first of all, why are you married?
Get that in order?
Like, you know, there's people waiting out there
to mentor you in gayness, if you...
You can find them.
Long story short, I'm fucking this guy.
And I mean...
I mean fucking him.
Alright, so I...
Right in the old armpits.
With all three of my dicks.
Because that's a big...
If you've got three dicks, fuck the armpits,
because where else are you going to do it?
I never finished my...
So the first part of my experiment...
The saying is one in the shit, two in the pit.
The same...
I don't even... I'm not even absorbing this
because I'm moving on.
Then...
Just trying to educate our audience a little bit.
If...
If you can...
If you can state it in a rhyme,
you can justify a sex crime.
A crime.
On the playground.
If there's grass on the field playing ball,
if the river's red,
take the dirt road instead.
What do you...
No, is that one?
Is it real?
Yes, it's a real thing that I heard.
I thought you just ripped that,
and I was going to fucking...
Thomas Jefferson didn't say it.
To my knowledge, but...
That is horrifying.
But it says, yeah, these sayings,
these slogans.
Yeah.
Which, by the way, are more clever than
today's modern beer slogans, which are just like...
Down for what's up?
Hey, yo!
Hashtag... Hey, Bud Light,
if you love Bud Light, hashtag...
Hi!
How are you?
All the beer slogans are always like...
Remember when they were really like Orwellian?
Like, why ask why?
I remember that one. That was fucked up.
Yeah, fucking...
A lot of you guys are 25. There was a beer...
There was a beer, I don't remember what brand it was.
Their slogan was, why ask why?
That's fucked up
when your product is an opiate.
To like, why ask why?
Why ask why?
I keep hearing why.
There's a Madison Avenue boardroom,
it's like, well, it seems like
our biggest opponent
to people buying beers,
sometimes people keep asking why.
Yeah, well...
Maybe we can turn the tables on them.
It's the way that you use it!
The camera...
Camera pushes down a 21-year-old
Johnny Madison.
Before that, the boss said,
I'm sick of being told why people should drink beer.
I'll tell you why.
And it goes...
Mr Jenkins.
Bring me coffee.
You keep saying you don't like the word why.
If you even use why in a sentence...
What if I said it twice?
Why ask why?
Fuck you!
Fuck you! I got your job now!
I got your job!
You guys don't know that we're also gifted actors.
Yeah, so please...
I know Jody Foster was here last Wednesday.
Did she do this?
No, she talked about
alien contact.
Again.
It's like a broken record.
Leave it!
I believe we're going to make contact...
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I'd like you to do a little more
Jody Foster impression for me.
Alright, give me a suggestion.
Okay, I heard
rapping plumber.
Give me a beat.
Jody Foster the rapping plumber.
Break down!
Jody Foster!
MC Jody Foster in the house!
I'm coming to your house
to plug your toilet!
I'm doing it wrong already!
I should be unplugging your toilet!
I can't handle this,
Dr Lecter!
Alright, that was dumb.
That was stupid.
Fuck you for enjoying it!
You're bad people.
Your joy makes you bad people.
That was high risk, high yield.
You proved it
by the risk yielding nothing.
I got off on a tangent,
but I was going to say two experiments
that were contradicting each other.
One is I'm owning it.
Wait, that's how long ago we jumped the tracks?
Yeah.
Because you started making fun of me for being fat
as I was owning my fat.
I was wearing that black sweatshirt.
You fucking pudgy asshole.
I didn't see now you were
trying to hide your fat body from your fans.
And I was like, okay, whatever.
I'm saying you're not hiding it.
I'm saying the sequence of being
given up.
Oh shit.
Owning it. Owning anything.
If you got a zit on your forehead,
it's fine to be insecure about it,
but own it.
You got a zit on your forehead.
Here's what people like.
How do you own a zit in your head?
Here's a couple things people would be fine with.
Say it as Joey Foster.
I got a guy walking into the bar
with a big zit on his forehead and going like,
hey, what's up?
Can I get you something?
A zit on my forehead.
Because I already got one.
I'll take a Bud Light.
I'm pointing at a Bud Light.
Why?
Why ask why?
Dumb.
Thank you.
I got a zit on my forehead, but it's not your problem.
I didn't bring it up. I see all kinds in here.
There was a
homophobic football player here
a moment ago.
Hey, what is this place?
All right, I'm going to put something on the jukebox.
I'm a zit forehead drinking a Bud Light.
So you like that guy.
Everyone likes that guy.
I hate that guy.
He's making it my problem.
Here's a guy you don't like for sure.
I'll do a more accurate impression of this guy.
Still got a zit on his forehead.
Who am I?
The bartender. Whoever you were.
The pharmacist.
I don't know who you are.
Hey, can I get a Bud Light?
It's going to go away
in three weeks.
I'm sorry sir, this is a pharmacy. This is not a bar.
I'll take a bandaid.
I'm just going to cover it up until
you're not supposed to pop it.
You don't have to talk to a pharmacist to get bandaid.
They're over there in aisle two.
All right, well.
Anyways, you get the idea.
Own it.
It's okay to say
I'm fat. I'd like to lose 40-80 pounds
before my wedding.
How do I do?
40-80?
That's the spread.
Would you be happier with 80
or would you be happy with 40?
We'd all be happier with 80.
How much do you weigh right now?
900, I don't know.
You keep derailing me.
I'm just saying, yes, I'm fat, Jeff.
I didn't say that you were fat.
Why don't you go marry skinny people?
You know, I'm fat and I'm your friend.
I'm fat and you love me.
What does that make you?
A fat man lover.
It's worse.
It's arguably worse.
That's why I'm...
Yeah, it's hard.
That's me not owning it, see?
That's me projecting all kinds of shame.
But if I come out like Santa Claus
and I'm like, look who's got some presents
because he's so fat, you're like...
You don't even think of...
That's not owning it. Having presents because you're fat
is the opposite of owning it.
That's apologizing for being fat.
I'm done with the owning it part.
If you guys don't understand what owning it means,
you got to Google it.
I'm done with that. We're not going to spend two hours on that.
There was one other thing.
I'm apologizing now.
Now that's the opposite of owning it.
No, you could be owning your own guilt
or your own shame.
I've always had this thing where somebody,
when Erin says, when she suggests that I did something wrong,
I defend myself.
It's some kind of chess game.
Right.
We went to a pizza place today
and they brought the plate of olive oil
and I immediately took a salt shaker
and just put salt all over the olive oil
because I want to dip my bread in the olive oil.
Yes, that's why I'm fat.
I'm eating bread in olive oil.
But I want to put the salt on the olive oil
but it was the table's olive oil
and Erin was like, maybe somebody else
doesn't want salt.
My first thought is like
incoming
tactical invasion,
perimeter defense.
How do you get out of apologizing for this?
Someone's implying
that you're doing something wrong.
Prove that you're not
and then you just engage in all these things.
It's like a chess game.
So what did you say?
I was probably like, fuck you, I'm paying for dinner.
But I don't know what I did.
But then I was like, oh shit,
I realized when I got off the plane in San Francisco
I want to
apologize whenever I
sense that moment.
Even if I feel like it's, who cares?
What's the worst case scenario?
Apologize for everything.
I'm sure there's people out here that apologize too much
and they have to work on that or something.
They have to stick up for themselves.
I don't have that problem. I could apologize
a couple million times more often
and I would break even
in terms of the average person.
Even practicing crunches
even though it's kind of an absurd,
comedic, even quasi-passive
aggressive feel to it.
Now I'm just going to
say that I'm sorry more often.
Will you mean it when you say it
or is it a rude thing that you're saying?
I don't know.
Mean it, shmean it.
It's not something that you're really doing
for someone else. It's like saying gizuntite.
Somebody goes like, oh you did this thing
and it's like...
Being apologetic is actually
being contrite.
You're talking about remorse.
Sometimes those things overlap
but sometimes a graceful excuse me
pardon me.
That's certainly the least you can do.
You don't have to grovel
and weep great tears about things.
When you say I'm sorry
it should resonate
sincerely, right?
For instance, aren't you sorry for misunderstanding me just now?
Yes, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry for interrupting the show.
Welcome Joe Hodgson!
Hi everybody.
Hello Cobbs.
Joe Hodgson of Mystery Science Theater fame.
I was just going to bring you on.
Oh really? I thought...
I got confused. I thought I was supposed to walk on
like Bob Hope used to do.
I told you to walk on but then they texted me
that you were here.
Let's do it again.
You got some music?
I'll give you a proper intro.
You're supposed to do a show biz intro ladies and gentlemen!
You know him from...
No, I want to give a...
Okay.
I asked Adam Savage
to come on the show.
He said yes and then he said no.
The show was sold out anyway so there's no one here
that was coming for Adam Savage.
Of Mythbuster fame.
A guy who gets his hands in the dirt
but
we really lucked out
in his absence because here in San Francisco
is really my
first original actual mentor
when I moved to LA
when Schrab and I moved to LA
the first Hollywood guy we ever
talked to, who ever talked to us about anything
was this guy and his brother
he had created the show
called Mystery Science Theater 3000
that I watched when I was in Milwaukee.
One of the most...
this beacon
of inventiveness and do-it-yourselfness
and autonomy
and Jim Hensonie kind of like
his audience and
here he was in LA
and he was also from the Midwest
so we had to connect...
he was able to translate LA into Midwestern
terms for us and show us the ropes
a little bit and
he's a god to me and
a friend that I don't talk to enough
but he's here in San Francisco
and I happen to catch him on text so he's here.
Thank you so much. Wow.
I've never been to Cobbs before.
It's like famous.
Isn't it? Well, yeah, there's pictures upstairs
that are kind of intimidating.
There's Greg Geraldo to kind of somber
black and white photo
and a lot of like...
They laid the shit down at Cobbs.
Yeah, Cobbs.
Back in the day, this is where they did
The Last Waltz.
Right? The band.
I don't know what is that.
The concert movie, The Last Waltz.
Oh yeah? It was here?
Holy shit.
It's a...
That was Dolly Parton's last show, I believe, wasn't it?
It's a big room.
It's intimidating.
Yeah, I know.
What were you doing out here in San Francisco?
Oh, I'm doing a show tomorrow night
at the Brava Theater.
I'm doing riffing myself a new one.
Hey, don't plug your bullshit.
What the fuck?
No, I don't know why.
That's a dumb joke I do.
I'm just a scene maker. I apologize.
I just come and drop in on you guys.
I'm sorry I didn't bring you out faster.
No, it's okay.
I didn't know your shows were two hours long.
Like, I talked to Aaron.
I thought they were like an hour.
Like, it's a podcast. I thought there were rules.
My podcast are two hours.
And my podcast has rules?
No, we're doing an hour of 45 tonight tops.
A tight...
But I was rushing to get over here.
I had another show and I was like going,
shit, I better get here or I'm not going to make it in time
and turns out...
Fucking burning time over here.
Yeah, a lot of these people probably had
an eight o'clock thing they were going to go to.
Or 8.30 or whatever. Fuck them.
No, you're in for the whole thing.
Yeah.
Text your friend
and tell him to watch Dana Gould
at
Courtney Pickles.
I think he's at Uncle Fucker's Chuckle Hut.
Uncle Fucker's Chuckle Hut.
I heard he was doing the midnight show
at the Taj Mahaha.
That's the only all...
What the...
Late night...
That's called owning it.
That, my friend.
Dan just took a shirt off
and showed us the...
Oh, dear heaven.
Yeah.
Get those dollars out, ladies.
Let's bring him out to the stage,
put it together for the Yeti.
I thought you'd have
a lot more discolored skin.
I was expecting
a lot more.
Nope. Just a sea of creamy white
speckled with acne scars.
Did you ever think about
grooming it, cutting it back
with one of those groomers?
You ever think about that?
Well, I have done it.
I mean,
three days after I do it,
it looks like this again.
Show me your back.
I don't want it at all.
Just show me.
Let me see.
Because I think
there'd be more welds.
I can't believe that he's entirely covered
in nipples. It's amazing.
It's almost entirely nipple.
I come from a long
line of tall, very hairless Austrian
men.
I've got like...
I'm very symmetrical.
If I get like a pimple on one side of my face,
I get one exactly opposite.
Like a cyborg with pimples.
I'm not taking it off, lady.
Does everybody hear that?
When Jeff gets acne, it's also perfect.
Jesus fucking
Monte Cristo.
That's not what I'm saying.
Perfectly not having any.
I have one little hair that comes out on my right
shoulder.
And I have one exactly on my left shoulder.
Like little magical wings.
Like vestigial pegasus wings.
And that's it.
Also, I shit glitter.
You come from a long line of Aryan men,
but there aren't any women. What's up with that?
It's just men.
I mean, what I mean by that is I've seen pictures
of my ancestry and all the men
are identical. And there's no women.
That's what I'm saying. I'm putting it to you.
It's just, it's just, it's just me and a bunch of dudes
with football from the corner of Columbus and Stockton.
We've managed to breed homosexually.
I wish, it was so funny when
you guys were talking about the guy
who would be singing to another
man about his
coxswain's ship.
But guys stay away from that, don't they, when they
write a song.
We're socialized to
if that would be,
that's just defeat, right?
It's like, if I go like this
and you go like that,
then I get your Twizzlers.
But women aren't,
I mean, and I'm not,
so it's important to,
in these very sensitive times,
I'm talking about socialization.
I'm not talking about genetics.
So girls
are socialized
at a young age. They tend to be
in a kind of superior way
because it's like they're,
I think they're socialized to like,
they're not allowed to,
you know,
to do this like flexing,
this weird like antler
locking thing.
So they have to like,
they have more complex social
structures and Jolene
is a golden egg that comes out of that.
Talking about the part before that
that I liked.
The part that before you went off like that.
The part,
yeah, the social thing, it was just like
when you were saying cock a lot.
That was the part I liked.
My problem with Jolene is I don't like it.
I think it's not a good song.
It goes on and on and on and on.
I liked Dolly Parton a lot.
I saw her play at the Hollywood Bowl
and it was awesome because
like half the people
I could see sitting around me.
No, sorry, the Greek amphitheater in Los Angeles.
I looked around and I kind of got the feeling
that a good like 35,
45% of the people around me
were in drag.
She has a big like drag following.
The real show at Dolly Parton shows
is in the bathroom.
Everyone, it's well known fact.
Do you have any anecdotes?
No, that's all I got.
I'm sorry for interrupting.
She's saying Jolene,
I thought about halfway through
and I feel like I should change the lyrics to
Drag Queen and half of the
crowd stood up and they were like
a bunch of six foot five men in dresses.
It was the best.
And also her shows, anybody seen her live?
By applause.
Four.
I heard one guy go,
yep.
Are you in drag right now?
No.
Yep.
If she plays, please go see her
because she's hilarious.
She's funny as hell.
I cried multiple times.
She's an incredible storyteller.
During her songs, in between songs.
She's like,
nobody puts on a show like her.
She's really, really good.
And she plays every fucking instrument in the building.
She plays a saxophone at one point,
grand piano, like a banjo,
mandolin, like she's all over the shop and she's great.
But Jolene's too long.
No.
For me, it's repetitive.
It's modal.
Maybe it does.
I haven't heard it in a while.
When I listen to satellite radio
and I hear it,
I listen to a couple verses of it.
There's 35 verses in it.
I don't know that it goes to a bridge.
It just kind of stays in the same thing.
I don't think Jolene does have a bridge.
The bridge would be what?
I don't know what you would say.
All the times you want to fuck
a man you always get to
but I'm just asking for you
to not fuck this one.
That's already the verses.
I think we'd have to go to another place
of her backstory.
I was just thinking melodically.
It's a sweet bridge.
Thank you.
It always tripped me up because it's Jolene.
I always thought of myself
dressed as a lady
going into town
experimenting, etc.
You would use the word Jolene.
When I'm on the phone
I'd insist you call me Jolene.
Jolene.
That's a good name for a
butch.
For an alias.
If I disappeared into the city tonight
after this show
in a pantsuit,
I'd be Jolene.
All of the
fucks and all the motels would be
Jolene.
I put my lips on it
like with lipstick.
Jolene, where are you situated now
when you're not in San Francisco?
I live in Pennsylvania now.
Pennsylvania?
Where's your brother?
He's in LA.
Fuck that guy.
He's awesome.
Fuck it.
I still love him.
Come on.
We're still close, aren't we?
How many kids do you have now?
I got two.
You know what I'm talking about.
He likes two kids.
Jolene.
Jolene's a big fan of two kids.
I can only sire children dressed as Jolene.
And what are you
focusing on creatively?
Well, I just did
we just did Six Years in a Cinematic Titanic
which was like the original cast
from Mystery Science Theater.
We did a ton of shows
and we just stopped that.
So it's kind of like
and then I'm doing my one-man show.
So that's kind of it. What's your one-man show?
I don't know anything about this. It's called
Riffing Myself a New One.
And it's just about the DNA
of Mystery Science Theater.
So it's just this origin story.
Do you do it in present tense
and kind of go through the times and go like
so
Fort Atkinson.
Wait, are you doing me, man?
He does an impression of you.
Come on, man.
You got a lot of nerve coming at me with that.
I want a stupid voice.
I'm not going to do your podcast anymore, man.
If you keep on fucking doing
an impression of me.
Is it
bad to tell a line about
the problem with modern pornography
when you do an impression of him
about his problem with porn?
Wasn't that you doing an impression of him
about his mythological
Joseph Campbellian story arc?
That was you.
I say this all the time, too.
Problem with porn, man.
Now it's all about
we've lost the refusal of the call, man.
It's like
it used to be
you go into a library
and it's like
my book's overdue, but
I can't do that, man.
But I guess I have to.
That's the key, man.
I'd love to get in on this,
but I don't do me.
Own it, Joe.
So you're one man's show.
Did I ever get to finish my plug?
I didn't.
I did the bit where tomorrow night
good seats still available. Come on.
Won't you?
Thank you.
I'm done. Are you going to leave or
you're not going to stay in place? No, I'll stay as long.
I have a feeling I'm going to get tired
and then you'll see me go.
But I'll stay as long as I can
as long as I use some of this.
Yeah, yeah, man. That'll pep you up.
Yeah.
Nothing says good morning like a big
glass of Kettle One vodka.
So what?
So you're...
I don't want to derail you, though.
I feel like I'm... No, no, no.
Our show hasn't a rail? Yeah.
I want to...
I'm a bad interviewer and a bad friend
and a bad person and a bad podcaster
and a bad thing to pay $20 to see
and a bad
carbon-based life form and
a bad...
Go on.
However,
if I could ring anything out of you
while I had you here
it would be sort of like
I like to hear you talk about
creative philosophy because
when I moved to LA
I was lost in this sea of like
it's really easy to...
it's like a cult because you come
you come from the Midwest
into LA and
everyone's saying stuff that
if they're all saying it then it's true.
I remember just sitting and having drinks
or dinner with you where you were
I don't know, you would say stuff to me that kind of like
guided me.
Maybe it was just a cultural thing
like you sounded like a guy from the Midwest
and you were out here and you had been through the ropes
like you would tell these stories
about how when you were
back before night court
you had the same agent as Harry Anderson
and there was a point where
you were like
you were like this
prop comic that was on SNL killing it
like had these inventions that you would
show and there were of course
people that were going like
like Joel Hodgson
he's the hottest thing
we gotta get you on a sitcom and stuff
and you diverted from that path
because you smelt a rat
like you forget that probably wouldn't be a great idea
I remember talking to you about that stuff
and kind of like
having that as a guidepost and realizing
that it was okay in this sea of people
kissing your ass and telling
you everything that you thought you wanted
to hear that you still had to maintain
your own sanity I have no idea what to ask
you to ring some of that out of you but
um well
shit
what do you think about black people
that story in particular what's that
what are you saying
I was just gonna say that story in particular was
Brandon Tartikov who was the head of NBC
he wanted me to do a show called
High School USA which was this
Michael J. Fox
like kind of like Animal House
they did a movie of that right
yeah this is a long time ago this is like
I was 22 I was like 30 years ago
so it was like he said
um yeah we want you to do this show
and I read the script
and I just didn't think
it was funny and I didn't think I could make it work
and it just
it just seemed kind of stupid and
I said no to it and
they just doubled the money
they just said oh yeah okay
it was I think they were giving me
ten grand a show
you know six guaranteed
and they doubled it
so it had been over a hundred thousand dollars
thirty years ago and they just said okay
you don't want to do it here's twice the money
and I
it just made me it didn't make me feel better
it made me feel worse because I realized
that my opinion didn't really mean anything
in the face of all that money
if they you know what I mean they could
change your opinion
so when I quit I went back to Minneapolis
and then like six or eight months later
started Mystery Science here so it was the right thing
to do for me
but yeah I think that's what you meant
that's why this
you made your mark
not from Los Angeles and not
with the help of these suits that were throwing piles
of money at you even though there was an option
for you it's always
the right thing to do to follow your
own compass and create if you
want to create then you have to actually
create there are a lot of people that really
that want to make a lot of money
and can kind of create
and they're happy to
but they're like
it's always
you have to be willing to be homeless
you have to be willing to kill yourself
so that there's no choice if it's entertaining
you mean you can kill yourself
if you do it with the right amount of knowledge
I find young people
asking that question all the time
like what should I do in this case
how do you know when you should do this
and that and it's like
you have to be
you have to know that
if you tried to wash dishes
you'd just be worse at that you'd have to be
willing to sit under a bridge
and just
die of exposure
if nobody gave you money
and still as your frozen grin
like
sealed shut and your eyes glazed over
the last thought you'd have
is like still though
I did what I wanted
and if you really don't
wouldn't feel that way as you died
then don't like well be a hack
try to figure out how to make money
and as the
character in Citizen Kane says
to paraphrase I'm like making money is no trick
if that's all you want to do
just go do it go make money
but I don't know
who was that guy that you guys
kind of like
he kind of had this style of
like I can't remember
you guys remember that roast you guys did
and there was a guy
there who had this kind of training
where he'd take you to the airport
oh yeah Sam Christiansen
did you do that too?
that seemed like fascinating
like what was that
what was his deal
Sam Christiansen and he's this teacher
and it sounds like overly
guru to talk about him because
we talk about him pretty high flown tones
a lot of people
have been to him whether they're actors or not
you go in and you find out
it's changed a lot since I went
but he's got this kind of
pretty streamlined way
of you figuring out
the essential qualities that you've always had
and you always will have
there's things that complements
you've been paid your whole life
and insults that you've received your whole life
and you will get them for the rest of your life
if people like you
if people like me they might call me poised or confident
if they don't like me they'll call me arrogant
or conceded or whatever but they're talking about a certain neighborhood
of an essential quality
and you go in there and it's very very interesting
to find out the stuff that you wish people didn't see
but they all do
and the stuff that you wish people didn't see
didn't get that right opposite wise
the stuff that we wish we had
that we don't
we used to go to the airport
a long time ago
when you could be at the gate without a boarding pass
that's how long ago that was
and you would ask a stranger
to look at somebody else and check off adjectives
like for used Joel standing over there
and it's fucking fascinating if you gave it to 5 people
or 500 people
they would all pick the exact same words to describe you
and it's really chilling
the same grouping
I put on a blue sweater
I combed my hair I put on a bow tie
like go back multiple times
but people who never heard me say a word
know that I'm sarcastic
people from Germany
people from fucking Italy
they circle the word sarcastic
for me
it's been the result of
the cause of a lot of problems in my life
people assume I'm being sarcastic
people from me always
checked off shit sprinkles
glitter
I fucked it
glitter shit is what I meant
he's a glitter shitter from way back
a glitter shitter
have you been to glitter shitter?
that's what the after parties are after
yeah you know
here's what I'd like to do
I'd like to bring out Erin McGathy
my betrothed
thank you
here's Scoops you want to
oh yeah I saw this here
oh
it's hard to tell what's going on but
Scoops
Scoops with a P or Scoops with a B
Well, I mean, sometimes scoops, but I, scoops doesn't matter, it's private.
Hello, Aaron, how are you?
I'm doing great, I'm owning it.
We're owning it, and we're apologizing.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry that I ate two-quarter pounders without telling you.
Oh, it's okay.
I'm sorry.
I may have had some hummus with pita yesterday.
Wait, it sounds like your diet's a little stricter than Dan's.
It's still, it's still cheating.
I didn't realize how big this space was.
My, my heart's a flutter.
I thought it was just this, this first area, and now I'm in the coliseum.
Also, there's a weird sort of, like, legion of doom people,
that kind of...
That lighting's unfortunate.
It looks like...
Very, very eerily lit sort of rock.
It looks like you're all going to go like this.
You stand convicted of intergalactic smuggling.
It looks like you're all about to go kill Superman.
Did you guys do something right to get to the seat?
There's something terribly wrong.
It's really good.
And the thing that's cool is they're lit for our pleasure.
There's no real practical reason they're lit up there.
That's for us.
Yeah, they're topless.
They all look like somebody from like...
Somebody up there yelled out something incredibly distinct
that I couldn't understand.
What was that?
Who was the guy that did the sci-fi?
No, Zarda.
Now we're getting actual Zarda quotes.
Zarda quotes.
All right, awesome.
Dustin, can you run up and mic everybody up there
so they can just weigh in?
All right, so now that we have this triumvirate,
while we're in San Francisco,
because we're just passing through,
I do want, before we move on,
I want to help one person from San Francisco.
You don't have to be from San Francisco.
You could be from Mississippi.
You could be from...
Three hours later, you could be from Pacoima.
And you could be from Kansas.
Is there anybody who really feels even more so
than they just want to be on stage?
And wanting to be on stage is fine.
But somebody who really feels like they're in a...
Like they got a problem.
They got some pain.
But remember, suffering's relative.
That we could help you with.
Okay, I can only hear you in the back.
I can't see you.
Is somebody walking toward the stage
or is it a cocktail person?
I heard somebody say my girlfriend broke up with me.
Get up here, sir.
I think that's easy pain to access.
Would you be willing to come up here?
Person that said that?
No.
Oh, he's coming.
Is he coming from the senatorial overlords up top?
All right.
Here he comes.
It's funny to have to do a mad dash down for the...
My girlfriend broke up with me.
That's when it's the price is right.
Hello.
What's your name, sir?
Jeremy. It's Jeremy, everybody.
What the fuck, I wouldn't shake my hand?
I held my hand out and he walked past me like a piece of shit.
Jeremy, you can come over here.
I have no idea how I walked past pieces of shit.
Do you want him to sit here?
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, no. We'll sit Jeremy at the table there.
It's fine.
I do think Jeremy is safest next to me.
Okay, Jeremy, you have some of the finest minds
in the world up here.
You're feeling pain.
Tell us, tell us about it.
Give us the headlines.
We were together for two and a half years
and she dumped me.
And, yeah, that's basically it.
How did she do it?
In person, over the phone, via text, email?
It was very sudden.
What did she say?
Answer my question, Jeremy. How did she do it?
It was in person.
And, you know, she gave a lot of reasons,
but, you know, the deep reason was
we had communication problems.
For the listener, Jeremy is closing his eyes
and gesturing with his spit.
That's what I do, too.
He's turned away from us. I don't know why.
What about your communication?
What was the slide that she made up about communication?
Jeremy, grab the mic and just kind of eat it
so that you're free to...
You can communicate however you want.
I cover my eyes with my hand.
We very much loved each other,
but we did not communicate.
And she was someone who did not talk,
and I was someone who would not listen.
And so there was a communication that just did not happen,
even though we were both good people
who loved each other very much.
Jeremy, you're a very handsome man.
Do you know that you turn into Ray Charles
when you're talking about your feelings?
Come on! Hey, help town!
She's good to me!
Did you know that you turn into Hank Williams II?
When someone says you're like Ray Charles?
You have awakened all kinds of things in you.
Are you ready for some football?
Are you ready?
I'm actually not ready for football.
So Jeremy, how are you feeling about it now?
Where are you at?
You know, it's been a couple weeks,
and you know, my friends have really been there for me,
and I'm feeling okay, you know?
My friends have been really good to me, and so I feel okay.
Why are people calling out lying?
Okay, there's a part of me that does not feel okay,
but the rest of me feels great.
Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa!
She's right there. Come on up.
Come on up. It's her. She's in the audience.
No, no, no. We're going to bring them together right now.
A woman just yelled out, he comes to my work all the time.
Get up here, get up here.
Annie Hall, everybody.
I'm ready for some football.
And if we don't have a mic, we're finding enough mics
until we can all get on stage.
Now, you can share with me. What's your name?
I'm Eva.
Eva.
Eva, you have a rebuttal?
I work at Boogaloo's, and this guy comes in all the time.
I've never seen him with a girlfriend once.
I worked there for two years.
Oh, boy.
She ordered the same thing every time.
Does Boogaloo sell protein?
Guy doesn't have to be with a girl to have a girlfriend.
I'm just saying this guy, he's awesome,
but I don't believe he was in a long-term,
two-and-a-half relationship.
Jesus Christ!
What in the world?
This isn't helping the healing process.
You're calling...
There's a chamber of commerce of like...
Jeremy, why do you think she would say
that she doesn't believe that you were in a two-year relationship?
Was this maybe a little unsighted?
She would not believe what? I'm sorry.
Say that again?
Eva here doesn't believe you that you had a long-term girlfriend.
Hi, Jeremy.
So first off, let the record state,
and you can back me up on this, I tip well.
I'm a good tipper. I'm not a deadbeat. I'm not an asshole.
No, you are a great guy.
I'm a good tipper.
I was just wondering,
because I know that I've been in a relationship
for well over two years.
Liar!
I am with...
I am with the man today.
No, I was just...
Wait, okay, now, Eva...
Let's get these two together.
Stay for a moment.
Jeremy, she's accusing,
and so are more than one other people out in the audience.
There was another female voice.
There's at least one other...
It almost feels like there's a consortium of local business owners
that the team of commerce hates me.
Definitely a counterproductive...
Okay, here's the thing.
She said quite succinctly
that she does not believe that you had a long-term relationship,
and you did not leap to your defense that quickly.
You said you were a good tipper,
which seems like an odd rebuttal to that accusation.
I am a good tipper.
Money talks, big hates!
There's real pain out there,
and a fake relationship is not one of them.
This is the best.
So, world's best Harmontown!
It ain't bad.
It ain't wow.
Just to be...
Joel, this show might go three hours.
The thing is that I actually live like half a block from Boogaloo's,
so once a week I have my work from home day,
and I usually go there.
As we all do.
So it's possible that half the time I have been there
was without my girlfriend.
So if she was an ex-girlfriend,
she is not my girlfriend.
She is a free woman now.
Can we put the focus back on you?
Also, why would I lie about this?
Let's take a second and think about this.
Why would I lie about this?
Jeremy, I...
I wish I was lying about this.
That's an incredibly...
I wish that she did not ever...
That's not helping.
No, that's not helping.
That's not true.
That's not helping.
Eva, Eva, I...
I'm glad she existed.
Eva may ask you.
I'm glad that she was with me,
and I'm glad that we had our...
Eva, Jeremy, you're hanging yourself.
Eva, why...
When you were in the audience and you felt motivated
to yell at that it wasn't real,
what part of you is angry about him claiming
that he had a relationship?
Like, what does that...
What does that extend from?
What is that?
Is that a San Francisco thing?
Do you need a special certificate?
Or is there a...
Yeah, give her the mic.
Well, I wasn't trying...
I never assumed you never had a girlfriend
because you came in all...
I go to restaurants probably every other day by myself.
And I have to...
Yeah, I'm like, I have a boyfriend.
He just works at night, you know, like...
But just you could tell by his voice...
I'm sorry.
I could just tell.
And most people that do have relationships
and that have been hurt,
you can just hear it in their voice that,
yeah, no, I really love...
But it's almost as if...
This is the thing that I'm curious about
because the big question is, as he points out,
which I think is a valid rhetorical question,
why would he lie?
But I'm even more intrigued.
Why would you...
Why were you...
Without accusing any of you of anything,
why were you compelled?
That's what Aaron's asking because you...
It seems to be...
Does he come in and like, ply this?
No, no, no, because I just made one snide,
rude comment to my boyfriend like,
I've never seen him with a girlfriend.
And he's like, you should say it.
And I was like...
If you had to guess, what do you think his...
If you had to guess why he would make up a...
So here's the thing, Maggie,
the non-Googleable version of her name,
Maggie, you should email either Dan or Aaron
and tell them that you exist.
You're probably not going to be happy
that I'm talking about you right now,
but you listened to this
and you should prove her wrong.
Oh, Jeremy, Jeremy, Jeremy.
Actually, I don't even think she...
It's okay, Jeremy.
Eva, what...
If you...
My boyfriend, my boyfriend over there...
She's my girlfriend again!
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up.
We made love at summer camp!
Order, order.
Okay, Eva, you came up here simply
because your boyfriend fucking goaded you to come up here?
Yeah, her boyfriend, who we've never seen...
He's like...
Wait, goddammit.
They'll love it.
You have been coming on this stage
for minutes and minutes
and I have never, ever seen this boyfriend.
There is a boyfriend out there.
Maybe two.
Nobody cares about that part of it.
We care about the fact that you actually have
no convictions about whether he had a girlfriend or not.
No, no, no, she did.
She had a leisurely one
and her boyfriend was like, fucking goosome, man!
Eva, what do you think, if you had to guess,
what do you think his motivation would be
from making up a girlfriend?
Like, when you were...
I have that anyway!
Eva, just...
Maybe come on down.
I'm sitting in the background
and I've heard a familiar voice
coming from the balcony.
So, I...
Yeah, I should have never called out anybody
that feels like they may have been in love.
But you still feel that he did not have a girlfriend
for two and a half years.
I still don't.
You stand by that conviction.
I stand by that, yeah.
Well, I would be so much easier.
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
By show of applause right now.
By show of applause...
First of all, let's do this a couple ways.
First off, and I want this to be honest,
no ironic bullshit here.
People that already know Jeremy,
or have met him before,
and know him from around town,
please applaud right now.
Okay, three or four or five people.
Come on!
All right, now, everybody...
You met her!
Everybody else, everybody else in here.
Who believes Jeremy that he's heartbroken
over his breakup of two and a half years?
Wow.
I feel like we've stumbled on
a very complicated...
Who thinks that there might be
some malarkey going on with that?
Wow.
Jeremy!
Hold on, okay, all right, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
I wish they were right.
Jeremy, hang on.
I'm not editorializing on that.
I just wanted to see what the audience felt
based on human interaction so far.
That was clear enough.
I mean, they're going to follow the drama,
and I'm not saying they're wrong to do it,
but it's like that's...
But people smelled it before she did.
There was already a feeling of that.
I don't know...
Well, I don't know about that.
I know that if somebody comes up
and starts saying, like,
I love French fries.
I love French fries all the time.
My favorite kind of French fries,
and then someone goes like,
that's what you want us to think!
Like, I'm going to go like,
what the fuck?
And then if that person comes up
with a hat and a sweater,
and it's like,
ladies and gentlemen,
this man pretends to like French fries.
And I'm not saying you're...
We're not leaving until we know
the fucking truth about this.
I'm just saying that...
Lock the door is closed.
Can we just point out...
I'm not saying you're a charlatan.
I'm just saying that
as an audience member,
narratively, your mind then goes to...
We've all seen Aero Morris documentaries.
Like, you're fucking...
Like, the first time bullshit is called,
you're on the side of the...
Like, you're fucking yo-yo.
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
Let us just...
If you were in love,
and you just got your heart broken,
you would have more details than
she didn't listen.
I couldn't listen.
Well, Tim, more details?
Can we just point out for a moment?
The thing is, you don't actually want more details.
I could give you more details,
but no one here wants to hear.
San Francisco! San Francisco!
Detail lightning round!
Can we just point out for a moment
as somebody,
and I'm sure I share the stage with other people
who feel the same way,
as somebody who spent a lot of her time
heartbroken, it sounds like in San Francisco
it's a real privilege.
I mean, is this my...
Do you have a special parking place?
This is my vahala!
I'm queen here!
I'm like, oh, so many breakups,
but yeah, I guess a detail lightning round.
There's a special punch card for free coffee, if you...
Alright, detail lightning round.
Okay, so somebody that's better at asking questions than me.
I think it would be great if he started out
by just saying four super cute things
that she used to do that he loved.
Okay.
Just really adorable things.
And you have to keep your eyes open while you explain.
Okay, so she was mildly narcoleptic,
and so...
That's awesome.
She would fall asleep if left unattended,
and it was a little annoying
because she always had to take naps,
so it was kind of cute
because we'd always take naps together.
So that's one thing.
Let's see.
We would refer to ourselves as mammals
and just talk about how great it was to be mammals.
Okay, now we're drifting.
We're drifting.
No, two more.
Two more.
Okay, lightning round.
Alright, okay.
Let's see.
So when she would say the word cashew,
it was really cute.
She was like, cashew!
I don't know.
It's feeling real to me.
I like that.
We made these salad like we had this...
You can't make shit up like that.
We had this Asian chicken salad
that we would make their cashews in it.
And...
Last one.
I know lightning round, Jeremy.
Sometimes after we'd make out,
we would just kind of look at each other and smile
and know that we were making each other happy
and not have to say anything.
Man, it sounds like you just watched a Justin Long movie.
I'm sorry, my moment isn't cool enough for you.
Either she's real or he's a cuteness genius.
Okay, okay, fine.
I will tell you the best moment of our relationship,
and it was when I had...
We got to go to this random event for my company,
this random charitable event,
and it was this casino night thing
that neither of us knew was going to happen.
And we just...
It was a night of random frivolity,
and it's just funny because someone taught us
how to play craps,
and it wasn't even that spectacular.
But after all the time we spent,
all the vacations we went on,
and all the beautiful sunsets
and all that other shit.
My best memory was this random ass night.
This is so insane!
Uh-oh.
Okay, wow.
I have a solution to get through this in the segment.
Okay, my relationship...
Yeah, let's try.
Maybe we should have broken up.
Maybe you guys are right.
There's a way to...
You know, Schrodinger's girlfriend can remain...
I don't know, I think you guys are right.
I think we should have broken up.
I think this is good.
I'm glad we broke up.
The box doesn't have to overcome open.
Schrodinger's girlfriend can be
one thing or another.
I think the thing that we can all agree on,
although some people,
it seems like 70% of the audience
doesn't think he deserves it,
I think we can all agree that Jeremy needs love.
I do!
I'm not a bad guy!
This is a challenge of definitely values.
So the tragic truth might be
that he has a cashew's speech impediment
having girlfriend that's a narcoleptic
and whose other two qualities are that
she just likes to kiss and then stare at him.
It was cute!
In which case, bullet dodged.
Like, you're going to find a better girl than that.
Truthfully, you're already more interesting than that.
Let's thank Jeremy at Mackey.
Jeremy at Eva.
Don't turn me!
You love him!
I love you, Jeremy!
And thank you...
What was her name?
Eva.
Thank you, Eva.
I don't think...
I don't think there were any heroes or villains in that story.
I think that was one of the most interesting...
Fucking heroes.
Oh, thank you, buddy.
And while the music is playing...
Good bless you, Jeremy.
Let's bring our Dungeon Master, Spencer Christen.
Spencer Christen!
Oh!
Hey, can you guys hear me?
Am I audible?
Yeah, yeah.
I can't hear myself.
You can't hear yourself?
When I was dating Mandy,
she hated odd numbers.
She dotted all her ellipses with four periods.
She loved to feed birds...
She'd birds, crows, you know,
french fries in the park.
And she had this really weird toe.
Man, when you're in love, obnoxious things are real cute.
That was a very interesting moment.
And the beauty to me is,
I don't know that any of us...
I mean, maybe there's a few people in the audience.
Jeremy will be one of them
that knows the exact truth about this.
But there was a division there,
and people felt it instantly.
And is it just that people
instantly got a vibe off of him?
Or there was truly something that was said
that sounded like fallacious, or...
Both, yeah.
It was all of the above.
Also, Jeremy, when he speaks,
he has this kind of lightness
and this kind of laugh in his voice,
and that makes it hard to believe.
Some people mask pain that way.
And also, people coming up on stage,
maybe for the first time,
or maybe not comfortable to come up here
under that kind of scrutiny,
although he did seek it out himself,
to come up...
People do behave strangely on microphone
and under the light,
so I think you have to dispense
a little bit of leeway for that.
Definitely, one thing we've learned
in Harmon Chat is that
everyone's welcome up on stage,
but you kind of...
Because there's always a bunch of people
in the audience,
and they know that you can kind of come up on stage,
when you do come up on stage,
you have two strikes against you,
because everyone in the audience is going,
the fuck, I paid $20, I'm not coming up on stage.
Fuck you.
Even when we ask,
it's like, that's a thing that you have against you.
And I'm not saying that's right or it's wrong,
but that's a thing you have against you.
I feel like...
I've already said it,
but he could have said,
I like chocolate chip cookies,
and if James Earl Jones came up from the back,
and was like, no, he doesn't.
That's so interesting that
your brain just goes like,
whoa, I think he doesn't.
It's not like we're in some small town.
This is a big city we're in,
and somebody came...
Turns out it's a little smaller than...
Yeah, no.
No, this is like our town right now.
This is funny.
I run the bike shop
down on Third and Walton,
and this young man's...
He never seemed in love.
He's been using his broken heart
to steal watches and coin purses
outside my malt shop
for nine unto two harvests.
And then a gal with a sweater
and a fedora came up on stage,
and was just like kind of semi-to-fully convinced
that it was just bullshit.
She was an intriguing character, too.
I wish the people that were listening could...
I don't know how they could see those people.
Can we all go to...
What was you supposed to call it?
Boogaloo's?
Hoobie Doobies?
Hoobie Doobies.
Boogaloo's?
Is it a restaurant?
Bar?
What is it?
I imagine it's a place that sells balloons.
That's the thing.
I want you to know if you're listening in New Jersey,
Milwaukee, Kansas, wherever you're listening,
just know that Jeremy was not a bad-looking man
and also the girl that came up
and inexplicably accused him of being a sociopath.
Also, like, very put together.
It was just weird.
It was just weird to me.
I thought they were going to...
I thought they were going to end up together.
Didn't it seem like they would end up like this?
They both look like characters from like a CW show
or something.
One of them didn't have an extra head
or leg braces or, like, you know,
it was obese or anything like that.
I'm so sorry.
I just offended all of our...
I don't know.
Leg brace having obese listeners.
I'm not saying you're not worthy of being on a CW show.
I'm just saying that...
I just wish that happened so early on in the show
so we could do this for the next 17 hours.
Yeah.
One tree telepathic.
I didn't know.
It was like when Maury Povich realized
that you could just do paternity tests all the time.
Yeah.
Now I just...
Why isn't Harmontown just always like,
okay, anybody got anything to say?
Is he lying?
It's just like somebody's like,
I think so!
Fuck it!
It writes itself.
The people...
So much more interesting than us,
John, about Dolly Parton for two hours.
But the thing is, that's amazing.
Like, we do a show in Hollywood
at the back room of a comic book store,
and there's a team of people that come.
We have our little Muppet show of regulars that come.
And it's a guy named Adam Goldberg
that certain people love and certain people don't love
and there's this and that.
But like, you can come all the way up to Cobbs
and there's a fucking brand new Adam Goldberg.
It's amazing.
We don't have much time.
We should probably go to the D&D
while we still have a little bit of daylight.
So, should I hand these out?
Yeah, let's hand out the character sheets if we could.
For those of you who are first timers to Harmontown,
Spencer is Dungeon Master extraordinaire.
Thank you.
Who has the noble and ignominious task
of trying to wrangle our drug and booze-addled brands
once a week trying to play the same campaign of D&D?
Last week was Super Bowl.
I was as drunk as I've been in Harmontown since last year
when I was here at the punchline.
Yeah, you were gone, man.
No, no, I was fucking...
I was Steamboat Willie, baby.
I was busy, MacTavish, and I really...
I would read my notes from last week,
but they're in Sanskrit.
Okay, so Joel, you're this character named Chris de Burgh.
Aside from being a rogue,
he also created the song Lady in Red.
Wow, these notes suck.
Fortunately, we have Spencer to recap for us
what happened last week.
Are you ready to go on that, Spencer?
Ready, ready.
Yay, Spencer.
When we last met,
our heroes had made with...
had made with Lenev.
Had met with Lenev.
This is why you don't build stuff up, liar.
No, you didn't!
And then...
The skeleton man from Tormod Tour.
On the way to the city, Lenev began explaining
the customs of the underworld
while Mulraine stabbed Quark for having too many hit points.
After hearing a noise,
Quark approached a battered hut,
slaying its undead occupants
and violating their corpses.
Lenev led the gang into the broken city,
passed the crumbling walls
and into the Forsaken Chapel.
There they met the three bone sages of Tormod Tour,
who revealed to our heroes
the location of the Pteragon of Virtue,
high upon the Floating Isle of Paradise.
With the Pteragon,
they could finally heal Chris de Burgh of his possession.
But before the gang could leave,
Lenev began...
began spitting and cussing,
demanding that the party be brought to justice for their crimes.
The bone sages didn't seem so enthusiastic about this,
but decided to enact
the Rites of Televarna.
But what were the Rites of Televarna?
And how could our party escape?
And what did it mean?
Is it some sort of name or something?
A historical figure?
No doubt, tonight.
So you got all that, Joel?
Yeah.
Spencer, one quick thing.
What's the thing?
The Pteragon of Virtue is on the Floating Isle of Paradise,
and they start invoking the Rites of what?
Televarna.
Yeah, the bone sages, they're looking at you.
They're looking at you, and they're saying,
these Rites, these Rites of Televarna.
Televarna!
Chains as black as night fire from the shadowy rafters,
striking you in the chest,
and sending a cold, clammy pressure into your bodies.
You feel claws gripping at your very soul,
as dark energy envelopes you.
You see several silent figures hooded in black,
filing into the church,
standing around you in a circle.
Everyone in the church is also chained by these black chains.
I go into a barbarian rage,
and Russell try to get free of my chains.
Okay.
Flying into a barbarian rage,
you attempt to extricate yourself from the shadowy chains.
I wonder what have fell off the table.
You rip, you rip with all your might,
you rip out the chain,
and with it, your soul.
Shit.
I put it back in.
Rookie mistake.
With the black chains.
As you rip the chain out of your body,
you feel yourself die,
but as you slump forward into the chain
that you ripped out of your body,
your soul re-enters, and you feel yourself live.
Jesus Christ!
Everybody, leave the chains until we figure out a better way.
What's it, what happened?
Empower's there.
Did you fucking die?
My soul was gone, I think.
I felt soulless.
What was different?
130 people got a joke before I did.
Yeah.
I don't stab Mulraine.
Okay, so we're tethered with black
Hellraiser chains that are tethered to our souls.
Yes.
Do I get experience points for restating that?
No.
Hey, Christopher, how are you doing?
I'm doing great, and I'm wondering why we're in a church.
Because you've been possessed, Chris de Burgh,
and we're trying to get the tarragon of virtue
which will release you from your possession.
We're here to help you because you've been a real weirdo lately.
Should I do a different voice here?
Oh, I'm possessed.
I'm not just when I'm possessed.
I'm a kind of goofy fucker.
Oh, I'm possessed with fun.
Oh, I'm coming toward you and waddling around the room.
Oh, it's fun.
This doesn't seem so bad.
The voice is identical to my dad's tickle voice.
Oh, here it comes.
I yell to Lenev, Lenev, what the hell's going on?
Televarna.
That's what's going on.
Hey, Lenev?
When I get out of these chains,
I'm going to fucking make your bones wish
that their bones' bones were broken to fuck.
Wait, give me a second.
I'm threatening a skeleton.
I need to throw this to a room.
You're going to wish...
I'm going to make your...
Your marrow.
They don't have muscles or meats.
I'm going to...
I'm going to lick now.
Hey, Lenev, when I get out of this,
I'm going to lick you on your bones.
Oh.
I use my bluff,
and I look to...
Tup-tup, what's one of the...
Torek...
Tormite of Thor?
One of the skeletons.
What's the skeleton? They're named the same name.
Tor or mod?
Tor.
Oh, that's right.
Second Tor.
I use bluff, and I look at Second Tor,
and I say, ah, hey,
it's me from that class.
You're just trying to use, like,
Jonathan Silverman romantic comedy
pickup techniques on them?
Ashley? Ashley from Roosevelt High?
Hey, wow, you really...
You really stayed thin.
This is so uncomfortable
because there's been a big mix-up.
If you could just let this chain
grasp off my soul,
we can have a party.
Roll it.
I did.
The rites of Telemvarnah
cannot be shed so easily.
Telemvarnah!
What are the rites of Telemvarnah?
It's this whole thing.
Um, hey, uh...
Hey, Tor, Tor and mod.
And another Tor.
They look over.
I'm not gonna pretend
that I know you guys,
but I will double the offer
on the party
if you let these chains
off, if you know what I mean.
And I press my tongue
on the inside of my cheek
to simulate the head
of a dick.
And I explain to them that
if my hands were free,
I would take the left one
and encircle the hand
the width of a shaft
near the opening of my mouth
so that that can move it
in tandem with the tongue movement
so that the net result
was the appearance that I was
rubbing a dick
just washing my mouth with a dick
just rubbing a hard dick.
Johnny was a bird dog?
A bird dog.
He really got it on with dudes.
But I explain that to them verbally and I'm saying
like, if you let me go,
like, I'm yours.
He, uh...
They look at you and they're like, again,
cannot be shed so easily.
Somebody explain to me the rites of
Telemvarnah.
Telemvarnah shall watch over us all.
And may sinners be shackled
in darkness.
The ceremony will begin soon.
Will the guilty party please step forward?
Uh...
I, I step forward.
Well, then.
That's, that's literally never worked before.
Hey, guys.
I only deal with honesty.
And, uh, yeah, I'm guilty.
I'm guilty of wanting to have a party.
And I, I, I take my
stomach and I, I go back, like, I've been
hidden the stomach, but I do it in a way
that it's like a dick. I'm like, you can put
your dick in my belly.
Wait, what?
Put your dick all the way in my belly.
I, like, gyrate
like there's a dick in my belly.
And then I look to my friends and I
give them a question.
You had to one up my mouth thing, I understand.
There's only one thing bigger than a mouth
and that's your whole stomach, yeah.
And second tour, my belly button's
tight.
I mean, roll it.
Well, I'm Christy Berg and I wasn't here
tonight.
You guys know that, like, boners aren't
really bones.
Oh.
Like, skeletons don't have dicks.
Well, I'm sure they have phantom dicks.
By you saying that, we've achieved a connection
because you can tell that we're trying
to give you a boner.
We never said that.
Oh, no, that was me, the dungeon master.
It's just been bothering me.
What are you, backseat playing?
That's all like, yeah, kind of.
So if you were playing,
you wouldn't try to give them a boner.
I mean, I...
I mean, don't stop there. Tell us what you do.
I might try it once and then, you know,
if it didn't work, I wouldn't try it again.
That's not how you get boners, man.
Like, if people stopped
at the first attempt, the species
would be extinct.
Like, the first person that ever tried
to get a person to have a boner, like,
used a leaf.
And it didn't work.
They used two leaves and they got a boner,
hence seven billion people.
Hey, Spencer, I'd be kind of offended
there's a man trying to train you in
on how to have a boner.
That's what I'm saying. You don't use leaves.
What are you talking about?
That's my point, too. You're just making my point.
Statistically, someone in this room has a boner.
Liar!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Jeremy's boner!
That's the only song
about a guy singing about another guy's dick.
Jeremy's boner.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, he has
a turgid goodness inside
the faggot of penis
to find it.
Tell him, Bruno,
burn sages.
What is she accused of?
Penis flow.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
That part is rockin'
inside my prayers.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, in the 90s
all you had to do
was eat the may.
It'll sound
like you were saying,
aw. Ha, ha, ha.
Singing about a boner.
I take my mighty great sword
and try to sever my chains.
Uh,
because this time I think it won't steal my soul.
Well, you steal my soul.
Just that sound of it.
You sever the chain
and, uh,
yeah.
You sever the chain and it just kind of
drops to the floor and evaporates.
You see the end that's
on your side, shall we say?
You're slowly disintegrating
towards your body.
If you looked at it, it looks like it might take
about 10 minutes to finish dissolving.
The guys just kind of look at you.
They're like, I mean, I guess
you could do that.
That's not a good idea.
I start running around in circles
nervously.
All right, that happens.
Can I do something? Let me know when I can do something.
Anybody could do anything.
I want to reduce myself.
I want to reduce person.
This is my go-to for getting out of...
That happens. You're smaller.
Yeah, so I get out of the chains.
No.
You're not like chained up.
You have a chain going into your chest.
It's like stabbing up in there.
Guys, I got a 10-minute fuse
that's going to steal my soul and it's like
I'm a soul bomb right now.
I coughed to cover up
me saying that I was guilty
and I tried to cut off my chains with my sword.
I'm the guilty one.
And then I tried to cut off my...
You don't quite have as much success
as Quark does.
You clash into it.
I don't know what you do with chains.
You slice into it, but it just plinks off.
No, no, I'm possessed.
Can I read my chart
if I'm possessed?
Wait, read your chart?
What says here I have the power
of sap?
Yeah, sap.
I think I'll use that.
What do you want to use it on?
I'll squirt it on the skeleton.
No, it's not like syrup.
It's not like tree sap.
You don't know that.
It's a weapon.
You just need to fall addicted to a lot of old tiny pranks.
Oh, excuse me.
I'm going to not use my weapon yet then.
If it's not sap, I don't want to play.
So...
All right, fuck you, gashes form.
Okay.
Gashes what?
What do you say, gashes corn?
All right, fuck you, gashes corn.
No, gashes form.
I'm casting gashes form.
You know, it turns me into like a fart.
You do that.
You become a gashes form.
The one who cast it blasted.
Gashes.
The chain is still going into your gashes form,
and you see like a lighter glowing cloud
inside of your cloud.
That's your soul, man!
Chains, you got your soul, Jack!
I'm running around because I have a ten-minute fuse
in my chest, and I start running looking for exits
or any sort of egress.
For some reason, you can't seem to break
the barrier of standing hooded figures ringing you.
Oh, yeah.
I do a cleave flaming sword attack
through the hooded figures around me.
All right.
If your sword cuts them at all,
it doesn't seem to have any effect.
It slices through it as easily as if they were
a gashes form.
It's embarrassing.
Guys who run along, we got to bring us into the station.
Mod speaks up, Mod speaks up.
Now tell him Varna's happening.
I already said that.
You must elect a defendant.
Me.
I'm the defendant.
Do it.
It's not like a defendant in the other
usage of the terms.
It's more like a
defense attorney, really.
I defend myself.
All right.
If you shall be the defendant,
then tell him Varna shall continue.
Varna shall continue.
Wait, why are you telling me what to say?
I wasn't.
I am the defendant,
and I defend myself.
I am the guilty party.
Prepare your case, then.
All right.
I don't know.
What is my crime?
That's not how this works.
Okay.
Well, okay.
I'm still just running around stabbing gaseous people
around the room.
Still not doing anything.
I put cardboard paper
in Leviticus's head.
Leviticus?
And boy, what a mistake.
Levern deserved more.
I have a horse.
Jesus.
And I will do
anything to protect this crew.
We are on a journey searching
something.
And I
went, sorry?
Own it.
I apologize.
I'm on my way to murder the shadow
in the crowd.
Wow.
I shall not apologize.
My mother was a balloon.
I love popsicles.
Let's have a party.
I'll go underground.
I wrote him a pull of chains out of her chest.
As hard as I can, I pull her chains out.
I put my bag of nuts in her mouth.
I have an actual bag of nuts.
Can I cast mirror image?
Yeah, yeah.
And so there's another version of me
and the other side of the room.
There's four more versions of you.
But one of them steps forward and says,
all right, that will do.
I think they've learned their lesson.
And then we all wink and then we all jump in the air
and high five.
Set them free and let's proceed.
You say those things.
But, yeah.
I start swallowing my rope.
I use one of my other mirror image guys
to go like, don't believe him.
And then the guy he's talking about
goes like, fuck you.
And he's like, no, fuck you.
And the other guy goes like, I hate skeletons.
And I go, fuck a dash, boogabosh.
And the other one just goes away.
And I go like, you're welcome.
Now.
Now that I've taken care of your enemy,
the guy that hates skeletons.
And I look at second tour
and I open my eyes real wide
and I say, cashew.
Cashew.
And then I take a little nap.
All right, what's the result of all that?
Come on.
The first tour, he looks on you
with kindness, but the other two
are very clearly not buying this.
Why?
Like, Doug Benson is backstage.
I had a ten o'clock show.
No, Doug Benson is backstage going, yeah, I get it.
He's the only one.
The...
Big closing monologue by Sharpie
to end the show.
No pressure. These shackles
fastened my wrists
and these chains
go into my soul.
But there's something more
powerful than wrists.
More valuable than souls.
And I refuse to tell
you what it is.
Because usually
when someone talks about something
more valuable,
it usually comes down to
something like the soul.
But in this case...
And it's...
one in the shit
two in the pits.
No, don't end up that.
I tried to force an ending.
Well...
You prompted him for a monologue.
Does zero to four damage?
Avenger, attack!
Scram!
I have a hawk.
What's the attacking?
Patriotism.
It hits.
Patriotism takes seven damage.
How much more time do I have on the fuse in my chest?
Like nine...
A lot. Most of the time.
Okay.
Come on, Harmon.
Can you speed it up?
Can you make it like two minutes?
Because I've lost my mind,
I pick up my sword and I stab myself in the throat.
Yeah, I'm gonna off myself too.
Cliffhanger!
Thank you, everybody.
All right.
Thank you so much, San Francisco.
Thank you, San Francisco.
That was one doozy of a show.
I want to thank Jeremy for coming up.
Eva for making things the most complicated
and wonderful of all time.
Spencer Crittenden, Erin McGathy, everybody.
Our good friend, Joel Hodgson.
Come to my show.
Riffing myself a new one at the Brava Theater
tomorrow night, everybody.
Yeah, go to Joel's show.
And thanks to those two kids that brought me
the little tiny bottle of Kettle One.
That was nice of them.
I can't remember their names.
Oh, is that you guys? Thank you.
Thank you all. You guys are wonderful.
Let's go find a nice place to have a drink
and convene with one another, shall we?
All right.